budget cuts
you
mad what uh you're in the wine gods
bothered I clean your room foster
sponsors original coming on for please
give your attention to my associate
prepared to bear witness to the making
of history
probably Tallulah
science fiction season begins with
serenity Monday at 9:00 on film for
channel 4 is going to show you what
really happens when you take cannabis in
a live scientific trial see for yourself
the effects of the drug on the brain for
many people it's a mile recreational
drug just a bit of weed why is that
correct does the new type of cannabis
widely available to us now have a much
darker side
witness compelling new science as
Channel four takes drugs live on TV next
Tuesday at 10 on fall we're not so then
am I not northern we're Midlands these
look challenging that's basically a
bacterial so far away from your blue
multi of business Jim oh I'm talking
cystitis a brand new comedy from cows
and Caitlin Moran raised by wolves
coming soon on four remember London or
now the Rio Paralympics is coming if
you're disabled and loved sport you
could be bought 300 strong production
team that brings Rio 2016 to our screens
just go to channel 4 comm / 4 talent
come on ma'am double your house is
starting British gas sponsors of
property on four we all have our own
idea of our dream home